Add changelog (#1829)
PegaSysEng/artemis: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

Due to the rapidly changing nature of ETH2 testnets and rapid rate of improvements to Teku, 
we recommend most users use the latest `master` branch of Teku.

## Upcoming Breaking Changes

- In a future release the `--eth1-enabled` option will be removed. 
  ETH1 will be enabled when an `--eth1-endpoint` is provided and otherwise disabled.

## 0.11.2

### Additions and Improvements

> - Updated to eth2 spec version v0.11.3.

Reviewer: nit: is it ETH2 or eth2

Author: Gave up and just called it "spec".  Technically it's the beacon-chain, fork-choice, honest-validator and p2p-interface specs.

> - Improved recovery from network changes. Peer's are now disconnected if they do not respond for a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved recovery from network changes. Peers are now disconnected if they do not respond for a 
```

  due to a concurrency issue in batch signature verification.
- `/beacon/chainhead` reported incorrect slot and block root data.
- Fixed a range of race conditions when loading chain data which could result in inconsistent views 
  of the data or data not being found as it moved from recent to finalized storage.
- Significantly reduced the number of ERROR level log messages. 
  Invalid network data or unexpectedly disconnected peers is now logged at DEBUG level.
- Storage system did not correctly prune blocks loaded from disk on startup when they became finalized.

### Known Issues

- This release provides support for the Witti testnet via `--network witti` however the configuration 
  for this testnet is not yet stable and will likely differ from the one currently used.
- The Schlesi testnet has been abandoned. The `--network schlesi` option will be removed in a future release.
- Memory usage grows signficantly during periods of non-finalization.
- Teku requires the ETH1 endpoint to keep historic world state available for at least the ETH1 voting period. 
  This is typically more historic state than is kept when ETH1 nodes are pruning state. 

>   Work around is to connect to an archive node or configure the node to preserve a greater period of historic world state.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Workaround is to connect to an archive node or configure the node to preserve a greater period of historic world state.  
```
